{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh14100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 README.txt\
\
De Loecker Jan and Warzynski Frederic - June 2011\
\
Markups and Firm-level Export Status, American Economic Review\
\
*--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*\
\
This Zip file contains 3 files, excluding this readme.txt file.\
\
We discuss the data in the file "Data_MS0747.pdf" and code is provided in "DLW_mastercode". This file produces all the tables and results presented in the final version of the paper. In particular it generates the estimated markups using our suggested procedure; this procedure is called from file DLW_procedure.do. We provide the code in STATA as we anticipate the largest number of users being familiar with this software. However, MATLAB and GAUSS  code is very similar for the GMM part. \
\
Do note that there are now various publicly available programs available to estimate production functions (with levpet in stata, and the wooldrigde version (ivreg2 in stata) the most well known). However, our approach goes beyond the Cobb-Douglas case and therefore the details are different. Also we require an estimate of the first stage error term to purge the revenue shares from this variation.\
\
The code is not meant to be directly applicable to any setting, but instead we anticipated a more general data structure and let the details of the code and programming over to the individual user.\
\
Of course any comments/ questions are more than welcome and please send them to jdeloeck@princeton.edu.}